 
…Continued… 
 
DIRK STEELE  
4087  Hunt Way Rex,  Georgia 30 273  
253. 334 . 6475  dirkst e @ho t mail. co m  
 
 BUSINESS ANALYSIST / QUALITY ASSURANCE  
 
Certified SCRUM Master and Microsoft Certified Professional  
Solution-oriented professional with a dedicated career of more than 15-years of executing testing strategies to enhance the 
quality delivery of multi-tiered systems, interfaces, databases, and portals across Agile development environments. 
 Strength in defining automated and manual testing strategies and scenarios to validate functionality and enable the 
capture and resolution of critical defects. 
 Skilled in developing and integrating automated testing tools  into testing environments to strengthen the 
identification of key bugs across user interfaces, middle-tier, and database layers. 
 Extensive expertise in developing test automation software tools for functional, system  and integration testing 
leveraging web forms across User Interface Framework. 
 Outstanding communication and liaison skills; proven by effective interaction with management, customers, 
vendors, and teams. 
Technology Experience 
Testing Tools: SpecFlow, Postman, Selenium, Azure DevOps, Azure 
build/release Pipelines, Git 
Languages & Software: C# 9.0, Selenium, SQL and Salesforce 
Operating Systems: MS Windows 11  
 
 
 
 PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE  
 
 
 
 
Zillion Atlanta, GA • 06/2023 - Present 
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Georgia 
Led a cross-functional Agile team composed of software engineers, business analysts, and QA testers, collaborating closely 
with stakeholders to ensure high-quality software solutions for the Georgia Department of Insurance. The team operated 
within an Azure DevOps environment, leveraging automation tools and best practices to enhance software delivery and 
reliability. 
 
Successes & Achievements: 
 Create all the new documentation to support the entire team. 
 Designed, established and managed the customer support team 
 Designed and implemented a project management process. 
 Designed and implemented the groups UI automation framework 
 Implemented a software CI/CD pipeline for the automation 
 Created all the application help video 
 
 
 
Mindtree Atlanta, GA • 12/2022- 06/2023 
CSIWeb.com 
Brought on to provide onshore test lead experience for a complex, multi-tiered, backend banking application.   
 
Successes & Achievements: 
 Developed a new communication model for sharing all onshore knowledge with the offshore team.  

DIRK W. STEELE Page Two 
 
 
 Organize the offshore team into skill-based units that allow them to focus on specific areas. 
 
Precision Atlanta, GA • 04/2022- 11/2022 
Progressive.com 
Retained in to improve existing automation. During the first two weeks was able to review existing practice and provide a clear 
and prioritized list of improvement opportunities.  The management selected two specific recommendations as my priorities.  
The selected projects were presented for review four weeks later. 
Successes & Achievements: 
 Presented to management a list of five key areas of improvement that would improve test effectiveness. 
 Created and integrated a test data collection tool into the teams exists tests that saved 500 hours each year. 
 Implemented improvements that resulted in 50% faster test execution times across multiple applications. 
 
 
AIM Consulting Renton, WA • 08/2021- 04/2022 
BECU.ORG 
Served as both man ual and automated test engineer, spending about 50% of the time on test case development and 
maintenance and 50% on API/UI test automation.   
Successes & Achievements: 
 Identified and correct root cause for more than 34 failing automated UI test scripts. 
 Regularly execute full automation regression test passes 
 Document new and update existing test cases. 
 
 
 
AIM Consulting Redmond, WA • 01/2020- 02/2021 
Starbucks 
Developed order label validation for a new order sequencing feature  that allowed Starbucks to implement a Just -In-Time 
product delivery process. 
Successes & Achievements: 
 Design and implement an automation routine, using C#, that would confirm the correct transaction sequencing. 
 Executed daily automated and manual test passes before providing detailed results Analysis to management. 
 
 
 
AIM Consulting Redmond, WA • 12/2017- 06/2019 
Microsoft Research SDET 
Developed, the automation web UI test framework using Azure build and release pipelines that utilizes a headless b rowser 
feature and that is automatically executed with each new pull request.  Developing and executing comprehensive suites of 
automation test cases. 
Successes & Achievements: 
 Quickly developing a new, full featured UI automation framework 
 Implementing a silent and headless UI automation suite of tests 
 
 

DIRK W. STEELE Page Three 
 
 
Aim Consulting Monte Lake, WA • 05/2017- 11/2017 
Premera Blue Cross 
A member of the Premera Blue Cross Account Creation team that owned all aspects of the QA process, ensuring that the 
monthly releases occurred with significantly lower defect rates due to specific and new QA processes put in place.  Added both 
WCF and RESTful web service automation to the automated test process. 
 
Successes & Achievements: 
 Documented and executed many of the accounts create test cases. 
 Developed Behavior Driven automated test cases used by key stakeholders. 
 Establish traceability by managing all test cases in MTM.  
 
 
AIM Consulting Seattle, WA • 12/2015- 7/2016 
Starbucks SDET 
Responsible for developing an automation framework, using Visual Studio and TFS, that would be used by other members of 
the testing organization.  Developing and executing comprehensive suites of automation test cases.  
Successes & Achievements: 
 Quickly developing a new, full featured UI automation framework 
 Developed BVT suite of automated test cases. 
 Successfully integrated automated test cases with the TFS Build process.  
 
AIM Consulting Bellevue, WA • 4/2015- 11/2015 
VisualOne Test Lead 
Leading a team of manual and automated test engineers through three successful releases.   
Successes & Achievements: 
 Worked with all stakeholders to move from a waterfall process to an agile development process.  
 Created the first all up weekly test status. 
 
RAMPGROUP Redmond, WA • 05/2013-4/2015 
Microsoft Store E2E Test Lead 
Directing a highly experienced, international team and working with key stakeholders as well as other internal Microsoft and 
external Microsoft partners to ensure E2E testing is successfully completed for an international ecommerce platform.  Includes 
testing key systems both inside and outside corporate control.   
Successes & Achievements: 
 Designed and developed the test framework for the UI Automation utilizing Selenium II(WebDriver) 
 Design and implemented test plans for over 20 E2E test projects that resulted in increased test improvements. 
 Establish an effective process for managing all offshore resources that provide clear team priorities and assignments. 
 
 
 
 
UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS United States  
E-3 LANCE CORPORAL 
 
 
 
 Education & Credentials  
 
 
 
 
 

DIRK W. STEELE Page Two 
 
 
GREEN RIVER COMMUNITY COLLEGE – Auburn, WA  
Associates of Arts 
 
Certifications 
SCRUM Master Certification • Microsoft Certified Professional (MCP) • CompTIA A+ Certification 
 